[PXCT-1437] Cloud - Provisioning documentation changes (#2645)
arduino/docs-content: content/arduino-cloud/02.hardware/06.device-provisioning/content.md

![Attach thing after Bluetooth](assets/attach-thing-to-bluetooth.png)

> The BLE interface is automatically turned off at the end of the procedure, and it remains off until the board is reset. More information about this can be found in the [How to set up the Reconfiguration Procedure](#how-to-set-up-the-reconfiguration-procedure) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Bluetooth LE interface is automatically turned off at the end of the procedure, and it remains off until the board is reset. More information about this can be found in the [How to set up the Reconfiguration Procedure](#how-to-set-up-the-reconfiguration-procedure) section.
```

When this is done you can continue setting up the network connection for your board and it will now be using the latest provisioning method with the Arduino Cloud!

## How to update the Stored Network Configuration

> To proceed with the next steps, the cloud-generated sketch must be uploaded to the board. If you want to update the stored network configuration, there are two ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To proceed with the next steps, the Cloud-generated sketch must be uploaded to the board. If you want to update the stored network configuration, there are two ways:
```

### Update Using the BLE Interface

Ensure that the cloud sketch has enabled the BLEAgent, via `thingProperties.h`. This is enabled by default if the board has been registered with Provisioning 2.0. If you need to enable it, please have a look at [this documentation](https://docs.arduino.cc/arduino-cloud/cloud-interface/sketches).

You can update the network settings from the detail page of the device on the Arduino Cloud webpage or the mobile app.

> During this process you will be asked to wipe out the current network configuration to restart the board's BLE interface. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During this process you will be asked to wipe out the current network configuration to restart the board's Bluetooth LE interface. 
```

1. Power on the board.
2. Open the devices page of the Mobile App or the Arduino Cloud webpage.
3. Click on the device you want to update the network settings for.
4. Click on the "change" button by the network section.

> 5. If you are using the Arduino Cloud webpage, select the BLE method.

Reviewer: Is the method called 'BLE method', or can we write 'Bluetooth LE method' here?

6. Reset the board using the method of your board. Have a look at the [How to set up the Reconfiguration Procedure](#how-to-set-up-the-reconfiguration-procedure) section of this article to find the default board reset pin. If you have changed the reset pin from the default one, please use that.
7. The board will reboot, and you will see the LED pulsing.

> 8. Connect to the board.

Reviewer: What does this mean? Connect how?

Reviewer 2: There is a "modal" that asks you to choose the device to connect with. It's similar to the provisioning phase

9. Input the new network configuration.
10. The board will validate it, and if correct, it will close the connection.

### Update Using the Serial Interface

> Ensure that the SerialAgent is enabled in the cloud sketch, via `thingProperties.h`. This is enabled by default if the board has been registered with Provisioning 2.0. If you need to enable it, please have a look at [this documentation](https://docs.arduino.cc/arduino-cloud/cloud-interface/sketches).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that the SerialAgent is enabled in the Cloud sketch, via `thingProperties.h`. This is enabled by default if the board has been registered with Provisioning 2.0. If you need to enable it, please have a look at [this documentation](https://docs.arduino.cc/arduino-cloud/cloud-interface/sketches).
```

This method only works with the Arduino Cloud website. You can update the network settings from the detail page of the board on the webpage. The Serial interface, if enabled, is always ready to receive a new configuration.

1. Turn on the board and connect it to your PC using a USB cable.
2. Open the devices page on the Arduino Cloud webpage.
3. Click on the board you want to update the network settings for.
4. Click on the "change" button by the network section.
5. Input the new network configuration.
6. The board will validate it, and if correct, it will close the connection.

## How to delete a stored network configuration

If you want to delete the stored network configuration without updating it, there are two possible methods to do so.

### Board Reset Procedure

> To proceed with the next steps, the cloud-generated sketch must be uploaded to the board.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To proceed with the next steps, the Cloud-generated sketch must be uploaded to the board.
```

Reset the board using the method of your board. Have a look at the [How to set up the Reconfiguration Procedure](#how-to-set-up-the-reconfiguration-procedure) section of this article to find the default board reset pin. If you have changed the reset pin from the default one, please use that.

### Using the DeleteConfiguration Sketch

Open Arduino IDE and on the left side open the **library manager**. Search for **Arduino_NetworkConfigurator** and download it. Once it is downloaded go to **File > Examples > Arduino_NetworkConfigurator > Utility > DeleteConfiguration**, this will open a new example sketch. Select your board and port then upload this example sketch to your board. When the sketch has been uploaded you can look at the serial monitor to monitor the progress and troubleshoot if needed.

The sketch can also be found [here.](https://github.com/arduino-libraries/Arduino_NetworkConfigurator/blob/main/examples/utility/DeleteConfiguration/DeleteConfiguration.ino)

### How to set up the Reconfiguration Procedure

> As the Provisioning 2.0 ends, the BLE interface is turned off. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the Provisioning 2.0 ends, the Bluetooth LE interface is turned off. 
```
